README.md, before:

# Clappy Bird
 A clone of Flappy Bird with level generation based on audio files, and controls based on sound input. All built with Pygame.

 If you're bad at Flappy Bird like Jacob you can enable dev mode by setting the Player class' property to true in its __init__ function.

 ### Controls:
 - Space: Jump

 ### Credits:
 - Project Lead - Michael Vigil
 - Frontend Team - Jacob Hardman, Emma Ogle
 - Backend Team - Cody Cox, Matthew Davis, Logan Kulesus, Cole Robinson, Allen Schneider, Connor Swanson

 ### Temporary Asset Credits:
 - Bird sound effects by isaiah658 https://opengameart.org/content/ambient-bird-sounds
 - Button art by Hawkadium https://opengameart.org/content/simple-buttons
 - Background art and Base Bird Sprite by bevouliin.com https://opengameart.org/content/bevouliin-free-game-background-for-game-developers, https://opengameart.org/content/game-character-blue-flappy-bird-sprite-sheets
 - Pipe art by bhu1c https://opengameart.org/content/pipe
 - Happy Music by rezoner https://opengameart.org/content/happy-arcade-tune
 - Countdown sound effect by Arther https://opengameart.org/content/3-2-1-go
 - Jump sound effect by KobatoGames https://opengameart.org/content/slime-jump-effect
 - Various sound effects by hosch https://opengameart.org/content/8-bit-sound-effects-2

Commit message:

move gem image and sound effect credits

README.md, after:

# Clappy Bird
 A clone of Flappy Bird with level generation based on audio files, and controls based on sound input. All built with Pygame.

 If you're bad at Flappy Bird like Jacob you can enable absolute unit mode by setting the Player class' property to true in its __init__ function.

 ### Controls:
 - Space: Jump

 ### Credits:
 - Project Lead - Michael Vigil
 - Frontend Team - Jacob Hardman, Emma Ogle
 - Backend Team - Cody Cox, Matthew Davis, Logan Kulesus, Cole Robinson, Allen Schneider, Connor Swanson

 ### Temporary Asset Credits:
 - Bird sound effects by isaiah658 https://opengameart.org/content/ambient-bird-sounds
 - Button art by Hawkadium https://opengameart.org/content/simple-buttons
 - Background art and Base Bird Sprite by bevouliin.com https://opengameart.org/content/bevouliin-free-game-background-for-game-developers, https://opengameart.org/content/game-character-blue-flappy-bird-sprite-sheets
 - Pipe art by bhu1c https://opengameart.org/content/pipe
 - Happy Music by rezoner https://opengameart.org/content/happy-arcade-tune
 - Countdown sound effect by Arther https://opengameart.org/content/3-2-1-go
 - Jump sound effect by KobatoGames https://opengameart.org/content/slime-jump-effect
 - Various sound effects by hosch https://opengameart.org/content/8-bit-sound-effects-2
 - Gem image credit - https://pngtree.com/freepng/purple-luminous-gemstone-diamond_6070400.html
 - Gem sound credit - https://freesound.org/people/bradwesson/sounds/135936/ - Author - Brad Wesson
